hey guys hello you two okay so welcome
to my little picture now and I hope you
guys enjoy shopping with our beside and
I've got to review one my photo specs
for you and okay here we go
so here's your present and the back to
bed it's also family family I'm okay and
my crossword here well this one is yes
those days is really popular so many
people asked for this one and it carries
a rapper sorry I don't know but it's
like it's ready sir
like this this one is ready fell now it
comes out golden he'll be inside by I
don't want to take it out I think you
know it's my Coco's kitchen my kitchen
and the cousin had to be my I'm okay you
know
no and here is my focus this one is a
print and calico total Bexley come with
cotton heavy lactaid
I sent popular and it's like a belt or
won this fat Mouse okay so this pecks
also how to operate it's not a cheap
repair fix practice OC and the inside we
can share
to play okay so look at that please and
the inside is a brown color it's wrong I
love Michael Kors with a phone pocket
mm an epoxy and one's a pocket right
here you can see okay and I guess the
tax well so this one this bed is really
nice and people love this one and I hope
you guys also love this one too and if
you want a song beside please subscribe
or your teacher now okay thank you